From the Cherokee Casino in West Silam Springs, Oklahoma, only a biscuit toss away from Arkansas,
and next to 17 other states right in the middle of everything, Perman Town is in session.
For your entertainment delectation, let's bring out the Game Master, Spencer Crittenden.
What up Spencer, what up, yeah, and the Mayor of Perman Town from Hollywood, California,
we know him, you reluctantly like him, Dan Harmon, hello, thank you, hello America, Ossio,
I learned that from Jeff, it's either Ossio or Sio, there's a controversy, Ossio, I think,
Cherokee, hello, I know you're all Cherokee, Ossio, now some people say Ossio, some people
say Ossio, Ossio, is it Ossio, oh I said Ossio, I'm already, see, I'm already offending
everybody, no, I was so, thank you so much, it was such a warm welcome, thank you, and
thank you for showing up, and thank you for paying your $15, and thank you for, there's
a slow feedback building, you can mic check all you want, but you can't, you can't fucking,
you can't predict that shit, you hear that, you hear that, fucking, there it is, oh that's
you, everybody, well that's very comforting, we are right, yeah we're right smack in the
middle, I mean even if we, I mean this isn't like we're doing a show in Oklahoma City which
wouldn't be a bad thing to do either, but we are, we're in a part of, yeah Oklahoma City
wouldn't be a bad thing to do, at least neutral, woo, but I'm saying more people there would
be from, you know, you'd be like, oh hey, Oklahomans, and they'd be like, yay, and it'd
be like, there'd be a couple people from out of state, but we are like really, we're in
the Deadwood area, we're in the, we're an unincorporated like treaty turf, like, and it's a beautiful
thing though, it's like a crossroads, it's like a, Jesus Christ, what are you, it's already
9-11, we started the show at 9-05 or 9-06, it's already 9-11, again sometimes you have
to travel to the Oklahoma-Arkansas border for a room full of people to cheer, it's 9-11,
my mind is going to be thinking all night about the 8 to 12 people that bought tickets
just going, let's see some comedy tonight, and I promise you people, like, what do you
mean you people, I mean you, I'm gonna, I will come around to you, I think, you know,
to catch you up, I made a show, I wrote Monster House, I don't know what to tell you, I don't
know what to tell you why I'm here, why I deserve to be up here, it's like, how come
I, just think of it like this, like you had that wedding with your drunk brother-in-law,
he had this many people paying attention to him, why not me, you'll figure it out eventually,
but to everybody else, thank you so much, but I was thinking like, we're right in the
middle, I looked at a map of America and I'm like, you know, we all know Oklahoma is right
above Texas, we could point to it on a map, it's shaped like a frying pan, you think of
like business-
It's not right above it, it's right next to it.
It's both.
What a weird thing to call me out on, that stuff, it's fucking above Texas, like, come
on, don't make me nervous, like, it's right in the spot, like, if you were gonna punch
America, like, it's right in the bladder, it's like, you look at Texas and you're like,
yeah, that funnels down to like, you know, we piss on Mexico and like, it's like Oklahoma
is like right where the processing happens, like, we funnel all of the intoxicants and
things to here and I was like, my dad was born in Oki and he was telling me about the
Trail of Tears and about all these things and like, it was occurring to me that unfortunate
legacy that there was like an actual relocation of people and to here because this is the
place without reservations, this is the place of treaties and there's like, it's just a
spot, if you wikipedia Oklahoma and look at Oklahoma just colored in red, like, right
where America is, it's not directly in the center, it's like right above where you pee
and I don't know what that means but I think it's important to you and it's important to
me while I'm here and then I'm gonna get on a plane and complain about first class and
go back to LA and I didn't even like pay attention to where we were going on this
trip.
While we were connecting in Dallas, it's like you were being peed, you were being filled
down into, my metaphor is apt.
Your metaphor, yeah, it's watertight.
I didn't know where we were going, I thought we were going to Oklahoma City until I found
out, no, we were going to Tulsa and then, but then we're not gonna, then we're driving
all the way to Arkansas.
That's where I'm basically in Arkansas, like, I got up this morning, left the Cherokee casino
and walked to Arkansas, that's fucking amazing.
Yeah, no, you literally did, like I woke up to a bunch of texts, because there was a time
zone difference and my watch didn't reset so I played Minecraft all 4 AM and I thought
it was, I thought I was playing Minecraft all 2 AM and so I slept in and I woke up
to 20 texts from Jeff just going, I walked to Arkansas, it's amazing and I thought you
were kidding, I thought you were trying to make a point, I don't know, like you were
mad.
I made friends, Jesse, Austin and Hannah from In at the Springs over there, hell yeah.
It's a great bar, they had Frenette Branca, it was a fucking paradise.
Yeah, and everyone here has been very nice, if it seems random that we're here, I mean
that's credit that goes to, because it's not random, somebody has to put effort into it,
this casino booked us, they were adamant about it.
The head of marketing here, Lacey.
Lacey, are you here?
We were all, we were all a bit excitedly confused about why are we going to this casino because
the head of marketing at this casino is a Harmontown fan and she made sure, she's such
a big Harmontown fan that it would have made sense if this room was empty, like when we
like, she's like hardcore, like, but still professional, it wasn't like she booked us
to hang out with us, she has shit to do and has been doing it, she's a taskmaster and
a multi-tasker and also a lover of the show and booked us and she was right and it sold
out the room.
Okay, so those 12 people that I was talking about before, they were like, when is he going
to start?
Okay.
All right, so a guy walks into a bar and he says, I want to be with a hooker and the
madam is like, the hooker's cost $8 on Sunday and then the guy says, I'll take two because
my brother's Irish and he says, what does that mean?
He says, well, I quit drinking and my brother's Irish, so I have a hooker for him every Sunday
and so he takes the hooker up and he goes and sleeps with her and he comes, he has a
good time and he comes down and he goes like, thank you, I did that for my brother and he
leaves, I did half for my brother and he leaves and he comes back and he says, can I have another
hooker and he does it twice because you have to do it twice and then he do the third thing
and he comes back the third time and he says, can I have the hooker again and the hooker
lady says, not the hooker lady, that's a hooker, the hooker that runs the hookers, the madam
says, she says, okay, well, why do you just want one this time, why not two?
And he said, because I quit having a hooker sex and I still have it for my brother.
And that joke was for the people that don't know why the fuck they're here.
I think you sorted that out, I think now they know that they're in good comedic hands.
You came to a comedy show and you heard of a joke told very well by me, alright, so that's
about all I had to talk about, I mean, I tried as hard as I could because it wasn't because
I made any assumptions about you folks based on where you live because we have too much
of that happening right now and I've done it too much, it's the people that we can't
see and touch that we're afraid of, that we judge and we go like, oh, well, all those
people over there, they think this way, you know, all this stuff, but for all that reason
I was like, well, probably the polite thing to do is to like not, don't make your show
boring, don't talk about politics, it's like everyone's fucking weary, we're exhausted,
go out and do what you naturally do, it would just be so charming and just talk.
So I tried to like, I was like, yeah, I'm just gonna use the excuse to stay off of Twitter
for two days and like not look at the news, but then I looked last night, holy fuck.
What the fuck is happening?
It's like a fucking sci-fi novel, we're, but I was like, are we going on stage with
the president, we're gonna come off stage with the president on the lamb, like, like,
it's crazy, like, it doesn't matter where you lean politically, these are like crazy
historical times.
The president himself is, is erroneously comparing it to Watergate, I'm like, no, it's, it's
different, like, it's, I wasn't around back then either, but like, it's different, sir,
you're, you're off the mark, this is weirder, you are under investigation for espionage,
you are, this is huge.
Um, anyways, um, back here, you're in a red state, a red state, super duper red.
Look, if you voted for him, you still think it's amazing, he's the first president, he
would become my hero if, like, he went on the lamb, like, like, what if the president
was in South America tweeting and going like, fuck you haters, I'd be like, I know I know
why you voted for him, like, it's this moxie that I get, I just didn't want it in a president,
but I get it, I get it, he's got hutzpah, as the Cherokee say.
You've really assimilated to the culture here.
Yes I have.
I've assimilated.
Ceo.
All right, I'll take that groan, because I don't know what I'm doing, I'll accept it,
I'm not gonna yell at you guys for groaning, I'll call that a good groan, that was a good
groan.
Okay, so Spencer, how are you?
Hey guys, I'm good.
Thank you, thank you.
We got off the airport off the plane in Tulsa at the airport and I lost Spencer for a moment
People were just taking pictures with him
Look, I don't want to keep harping on it, but again he got more applause than me I think yeah, it's weird
I don't get it. I'm fine with it. I'm processing it. Well, it's fine. It makes sense to me. I'm okay with it
I don't get it
But I said hey Spencer, how you doing you were like hey guys you're playing to them. No, that's just it's a bit
It's just that's what I do, but also. No, I say hey guys to you guys
Dance being insecure right now. Yeah, let's complain about first class. You have more Midwest appeal than he does
I don't know. I don't get it. Sometimes the applause is so weird. I try to wear my Spencer's shirt
I was like what's the what's my where's my buffet shirt like where's my
Where's my lumberjack and shirt?
I want to I want these I want these folks to know I'm on their side when I go out drunk and talk about the president
All right, but no
I'm tired Spencer on your floor of this very wonderful very five-star very worth your money hotel and casino
There was a guy walking around with a shirt and no pants. I was wearing pants and no underpants
No, I was wearing underpants
You were the you encountered a guy that was nude from the waist down. No
No
It was on your floor. I might have heard a naked man. Okay, they sound pretty similar though
I thought you were part of that encounter. Lacey said there was a guy. I shouldn't divulge this. Yeah, that's I'm not sure
There was a guy walking around with no pants or no underwear and cookies. He had a box of cookies
That was the that was the apology
I'm sorry. I'm you take the good with the bad. Oh
Hey, oh, I saw your dick. I didn't want to oh
But he was I mean he was removed is the moral of the story
You shouldn't do that here and that guy won't be here when you come
Also the looser slots in, Oklahoma
I love that idea that there's a yeah, there's looser slots. I like that
We had a we had a friend that worked in Vegas your friend and she had explained
She was the manager at the luxe for a while and she was explaining that like there's a whole
Mentality to like where they put which slots and stuff and that they the most interesting thing of all was that she was talking about
How yeah, we don't people think that we're like hoping that a gambling addict would like walk in the door
No, we try to they you they try to spot those people that are having trouble and try to because it's bad marketing
Like you don't want somebody like walking around outside the casino going I lost my house. It's not you want the sign
That says blue man group
You you lose your house while you're watching them
I mean, I'm not trying to be a company man here about the Cherokee casino
Which is putting us up and treating us very nicely, but somebody won a house last night
No, I think I know that's the big bang theory slot machine will give you a house if you get three besingas
Are you mad at yes, because it's bigger than my house and it's it's not even their house
It's bigger than mine. You win it if you like their show
How many seasons more of community would there have to be to get a community slot machine?
Do you think I think we wouldn't have to do an 8,000 seasons and then submit a form like
To Sony they would be like explain to us again why we should tell the casino to put us community slot machine in there
There should be a Rick and Morty slot machine
Oh
There should be a Rick and Morty pinball machine. That would be badass or a slot machine
So there's table those are there just listening there's tables here. We're in this like like like
Splendid ballroom. We've never done this kind of show
It's like a it has an old-timey Vegas feel because all the audience they get they get their own tables and the tables have numbers
We got Dean Martin Internet Lena Horne's over there at table five
So I want I don't know how many tables there are do they go up to what do they go up to who's who thinks they have the highest table number
It's probably in the back
Six okay six can we beat six?
66 oh 66 oh, so it curls around
Nobody I
I think it's snakes around and I think you guys are like oh, it's the it's kind of the worst seat because I'm like
What's the where the numbers over here high or are they low?
That's one and that's 15. It goes around the coils around like a cobra ready to strike and then 25 that doesn't beat 66 sir
How did you guys get 66? That's amazing. They must have added one look where the table is they they roll
They're like come on. You can get us in their VIPs. They're what do they call them like whales VIPs big big big big gamblers
What do you call them whales whales? All right. Yeah, hi rollers. Hi rollers. Just walked in here with your own table
Dan Dan is in a bad mood because he feels guilty that his friend and assistant Steve Levy
It was his birthday last night and Dan
Chose to not know that and spend the night playing Minecraft in his room. He chose to not know that
He woke up one morning and said fuck that we're talking about the birthday of a man whose job is to remind me of birthdays
So I I wanted it's very obvious to me that this is a story about his failing
This is how Dan's pissy mood manifests
It's just me explaining the facts like yeah, I remember everyone's birthday, but here is guess why?
He fucked up
I fucked up three times here what hold on just tell tell everybody about
Dungeons and Dragons for a second. Oh, man. I was watching Teen Titans go this morning in the hotel
Is Dan going to take a shit? Well, I'm sure we'll find out he just ran off stage. Yeah, like a panther
What what what could there's ice back there? Oh shit? There's flammable fluids back there
What else?
How is your Oklahoma experience been so far Teen Titans go in the hotel room. It was great. Oh, man
Oh, yeah, no, I just watch I don't watch. I don't have TV. So I only watch OT TV at hotels and it's amazing. Oh
It's a cake
Happy birthday Steve Levy
I
Brought you a cake from the kitchen
Where Lacey got it because she saw on Instagram that it was his birthday. Did you did you grab a slice while you were back there?
And it's the slice that had the word Steve on it. Yeah
Wait, but it was delicious because I love Steve
Sure
Anyways, I brought out plates and stuff too. Why don't you cut it up and slice it up for table 66?
All right table 66. Let's start with you. We'll give you a Steve Levy cake
It'll be the best comedy show in the world
All right, sorry you guys voted for Trump
You know, come on we all are embarrassed. It's okay. I fuck up, too
You know, I've broken up with girls because I wanted to play Skyrim
But then two hours later, I was like, what am I doing?
Will you get back together with me? No, what you fucker?
You know, come on admit it. That's what you did electorally
Wait
impugned Oklahoma as being the state that played Skyrim
Oklahoma is an artificial construct. Most of these people are from Arkansas
It's a state of mind
What like like like Oklahoma, do you know that old you know the Elton John song Oklahoma is a state of mind?
Oklahoma is what unites all of us. We're all Oklahoma tonight
What I can't see what's happening right now. I can't see Dan is pretending to slice cake. He's me. He's making them do it
He's turned them into their own assistants
I've never done this before. You know, you might have done is given Steve the first slice of that cake before you
I don't know where Steve is. He's
Probably crying because you forgot his birthday
Steve Levy. Are you in the house? He's over by Lacey. Levy get up here
And you're the only Jewish guy in Oklahoma
What's up Levy
Steve Levy, we'll get happy birthday man. There it is. Thank you
Now when I left you last night at the card tables, you were 150 up and then you yeah, you ended 50 down. Yes, it's okay
It was it was a really fun. I it was my birthday. We we listened to some country music at the bar
We did we heard some Dwight Joachim cover soon. You guys know Travis Tritt here in March
He's in the small room, but you know
But he tweeted that he'd like us all to get back to work and stop talking about politics
So here I am Travis
You're in the small room
But Dennis is serving your cake Steve over at table 66. That's great. Yeah, everyone enjoyed that cake. What's your name?
Sorry, Luana Luana. I'm sorry. Okay. Well, you just took what's your name? You just took her cake. I
Know you gave it to her because well you guys everyone's look. I don't want to I'm not gonna say that Oklahoma's passive-aggressive
You're Arkansas, okay, fine. Jesus Christ. It's like
It's like most easily in this place is like like like but but but all anyone has in common
You know Luana has a death sentence in 12 systems
We heard about some people there's there's people like they're like he's walking around with a plate a tray of plates and forks
Oh, yeah, I forgot the cake
Do you think cake Luana? It's like Randy Quaid is serving cake over here over at the corner
Jesus this guy
All right, let's say the table 23. How are you guys doing?
Just give me some cake. Oh man. Fuck and there's a seat here. I didn't think about this
But these tables would be great with guys in the bathroom or like roll. This is the most work
I've seen him do outside of writing. Yes. Yeah, this is the most exercises ever had in his life
Well, I mean, that's not true. They've been watching him on the elliptical
He takes a shot of him doing the elliptical and then he does it. It's just a vine
He spends the next 10 minutes posting that photo. Well, that's why he plays the music so they know that it's not just a loop
Trying to do a podcast over here at table 23
Dan, what do you introduce us to the good folks over table 23? How are you guys?
Do you have a table name like a like a team like the the the panhandlers the
Table Voltron, okay, that's good table Voltron. Yeah, they got they have nerds in the in Oklahoma
Are they land lion Voltron or vehicle Voltron? Not shitty car Voltron, right like lion Voltron
And aren't you guys like 23? Why do you know about Voltron?
Don't tell me Brookheimer's making some shitty movie
All right, where'd you see where you guys from? St. Louis
They're from St. Louis. Where are you from? Arkansas. Okay, you're from Tulsa. Okay
You notice nobody whooped for st. Louis. That was weird
It's the only time no one's whooped for a city. Well, they don't they don't believe you're from there until you prove it
It's a little it's called. It's called the proof me state. Yeah
Show me documentation state
Show me show me that you're are you are you eating cake or serving cake over there again?
I'm pretty I've never done it before this is don't worry about him. This is Kevin Day. It's not TMZ
All right. Well, what do you guys?
You guys what would you like to hear me?
perform my patented musical act about like like what's most in your mind right now you're a
A sort of a cross-section of white America?
If if if all of America has penises and
Yeah, you're the heart of the loaf of a nice fluffy white bread
What what is what is that? What is that that that part of America most?
Think about right now
Mama fucking really I think I can all right
Well, you heard him
Wait, did he say that or did you know he don't here repeat it? I said mama fucking because it's gonna happen, right?
According to the ancient Greeks it always does
Yeah, yeah
Yo, yo, but can you give cake while you rap? Yeah, I fucked your mama so hard. I did it in Oklahoma
I fucked her till she got home. Oh, no
All right, sorry about that. Yo, oh, okay. Yeah, that was probably a good
Those are mercy
You gave a woman cancer
That was a good that was a good request
You're serving out cake and giving people's mama's cancer. I
Didn't get I fucked her till she got it that means I gave her a long life like like she got it
Actuarially she got it statistically. She succumbed to it after a lifetime of being cherished as a partner
and
She died holding my hand
But she didn't have lymphoma until you fucked her she might have lived longer
That's a really cynical way of looking at it
Table 11. How are you? What's your name? I'm Chandra. Chandra. You did it with a hard show like it's not Chandra
It's Chandra
Every every well except because you're you're is that you're given name your mom was like your name's Chandra
And she said people are gonna try to say Chandra. Fuck them. Yeah
You said mama and fuck them so I see
H-A-N-D-R-A how do you read that? Here's what I say. It's Chandra. Not Chandra
It's Chandra. Not Chandra. You're gonna pronounce it the way that my mama told me. I fucked your mama so hard
She got emboldened
Stop giving people's mothers diseases
I don't think emboldening women is a disease. I don't care how far south we go
I thought you said mold
He said that and then he just served that cake like it was a mic drop. It was amazing
Look, but look everybody at the surrounding tables might have
You don't have to apologize like I don't look I'm giving amnesty to everybody that voted for Trump
I don't care if everybody in the room did or everyone didn't like
Amnesty let them let them slowly come around to the like like that's our only chance right now
Let them give them the space that they need to be like oops
Right we live in a world where no one wants to be wrong from a drunk person like the part of their brain that gives you keys
Isn't in control
Just let them like I'm as guilty as you are I get mad and then I'm like, but it's like what's the solution here?
It's understanding we got to prove and what are we what are we at war for where we want we want understanding
I didn't clear the room did I did people leave?
It's about love my mother's
All right, whatever. I don't know what I'm lecturing you about. Thank you table 11
You try each table I walk away from there's a six person applause
Thank you
Thank you for leaving our table. Yes
It's exactly I have become a mariachi band
It is like okay, that's wonderful. I'm sure it's very valuable wherever you're from. Please let us eat
All right, here we go table 31
All right famous for its seats where I can sit. All right. Where are you guys from?
You're from Cylone. Whoa, so you didn't just wander in and go. Let's see a show. Did you are you the podcast guys?
Wait, what sorry? Are you guys the podcast guys? No, they're over there. Sorry. Sorry podcast guys
We'll get to you later continue
Be sorry to this podcast guy. I'm trying to
You'll be fine. I'm doing experimental. You're doing great and everyone loves it
Although I just noticed the only table not clapping was table 11. They didn't they didn't clap for that one
They're jealous too late. It's like if you have a two-year-old and then you have another kid
He's like oh
People realize this cake is laced with hash. It's gonna be a fucking awesome
awesome show
It's it's it's laced with a
standard lowering chemical
called Bud Light
It's only 3.2
All right, you guys can't even get real beer
You can get some right what's the population it's not West Cylone West Cylone was Arkansas this you're you're from this
Whistle um wait, sorry, I didn't get that West Cylums, Oklahoma
Okay, we're in West. That's the Cylum that you're from the West one. You're from Cylum. You're from Arkansas
Fucking Arkansas people they're everywhere
So how far is the how far was the drive?
Five minutes. Yeah, they're we went we walked there. I walked there today
You even said we was told by the people at the end of the spring you said on stage
That Cylum Springs, Arkansas is the third nicest place to visit in Arkansas
All right, I I've only ever been there so for me it's the number one place to visit
All right. Well, which table came the furthest?
Five hours over there six hours. I heard an eight. Can anyone be a ten ten hours?
I got over here right in the back hours you go in the back. How many back there in the back is your hand up? How long?
No, wait, hang on did you fly? Yeah, you probably, huh?
Wait, that's like three and a half hours
Who who traveled the longest to get it?
He drove from Atlanta six hours six eight nine. There's ten is ten hours
Where'd you guys come from?
You drove for Minneapolis
Just see this piece of shit
Then get get that guy some cake ten hours of Minneapolis right there
These guys when we just discount them ten hours. We don't know anything about them. They're ten hours, too. Yeah
Table sorry from Champaign, Illinois. Wow
Champaign, Illinois. I almost went to college there
All right, here's a take a very small crumb of cake like this
There were the plates. Now we were told it was normally when we run out of cake
We start serving booze, but we're not we're legally not allowed to serve you people alcohol. So sorry about that
I know yeah, we don't like laws. Yeah, you just got to obey him. All right now
I'll go over to the guy you guys are so fucking
Fucking hard up. Is there cake left? Yeah, there's I'm giving it all to him. Okay
All right, what's your name, sir? I'm Adam Adam. Okay
Did you ever do you love your mother?
Did you know I fucked her hit it?
Adam was the first man in Eden by fucking mom until she started bleeding. I'm sorry
It was the only thing that rhymed if you have a certain I
Was no way I was gonna rhyme anything else. I did not I don't have the capacity
I'm not on whose line
I'm not an improviser
We don't have nine words that rhyme with Eden just like up my sleeve. Okay. How Eden Eden
Yeah, I'm not here. I did you there. We're out of place. I fuck your mom was so hard. She moved to Sweden
Yeah, because the health care is better. All right
Because of Trump site everybody emcee hindsight
It's the greatest rapper in the world. He has the power of time travel
The NFL's most valuable quarterback every Monday. It's a sports joke. Look it up Oklahoma. All right
Jesus Christ, look at you guys. Hey, how about those hogs today in the basketball?
Yeah, that's a sport that's a fucking sports reference
This is more the image of that. This is what I expected the audience to to be you guys are not fans of mine. Are you?
Yeah
These it there's a stack of poker chips on the table a pile of cash small bills
The phone is charging with a portable battery. The eyes are very bloodshot. They're handsome men. They're not it's nothing wrong with them
But they are not
Wait, so Dan introduced them. I said we do some high-stakes gambling right now
What what are your names? You don't have to look we're not gonna violate anybody that came here and like that's new
What?
You're Fred. That's Bill. That's John. This is this is your spokesman
The guy that can barely say Fred Bill and John is the one that does all the talking
Does anybody here have nerd dice anyone anyone holding dice on the right now, I don't know how allowed you are to have dice here
What are you guys? Are you where you guys from?
Arkansas, okay?
Yeah, so it's a short drive. Are you are you are you up? Are you down?
Okay, he's checking his oh
He's got a he's got a big stack of hundreds
All right, Dan. Do you have cash in you right now?
Yeah, I think so. Hold on. I mean I have a guy named Mark over here from table
What table a table 11
your nemesis I
Have a sack of nerd dice over here, and I have 2d6 right now
We're gonna play some we're gonna play some Harmontown craps with your gambler friends over this could be truly against federal law
I don't give a shit
Let them shut us down. This could be the the change the turning point in the story that makes the entire tribe lose everything
There's a swat team that's been on the roof for 25 years, and they're like it's go time. All right
We never knew they'd do it, but they did it. It's an illegal game. Is somebody at that table. What table number are we over here?
52 table 52 is it are you guys dice players over there?
All right, okay. I got 2d6 right now Spencer. I'm gonna give them to you
Sure, I think you just want to incriminate me
All right, so we're gonna play
Okay, why don't we start low like like let's start like like like 20 bucks
What are we what you have to know what knows what's happening? Yeah, I'm gonna we're gonna play some some low-level craps right now
I'm gambling against them. Yes, okay, and uh
This is that now it's worse than prison. This is like we're Dungeons and Dragons people so
Spencer our dice are Spencer roll roll one dice for Dan one die for Dan
Okay, and the higher numbers gonna go first. They're gonna be the come-out roll on the crap table
Yes, so so roll one die for Dan and one die for the table. This seems illegal. It's gonna be fine
All right going to be fine Dan one
Okay, so Dan you're gonna be that you're gonna be the shooter on this one. Okay, so now Spencer's gonna roll two dice
Lacey is this illegal?
Okay, okay, we got the we got the Cherokee meh hand
Yeah
It's it's derived from the it's that's the spirit of the wind saying
It's I don't know if this clam chowder is so good. The so-so sign is how the eagle flies
So right now, so we know that's racist lazy isn't it racist Spencer? Okay, so here's the deal
What's gonna happen right now is the come-out roll is gonna be a 7-eleven automatic winner one
It's two three and twelve craps. Otherwise, it's a point. Yeah, who's our surrogate over here?
Who's our player over the table?
This guy looks like Jason Sudeikis
He's a handsome guy. What's his name?
What's your name? It's
Paul Paul all right Paul who looks like Jason Sudeikis that was said all right Paul
You know the deal right now Paul because Dan's gonna be the shooter if he rolls a 7 or 11
He wins $20 off of you
If he goes if he rolls craps two three twelve
You win and then otherwise he rolls a point. He has to roll that before he rolls a seven
You know the thing I give them 20 if I roll Dan put your 20 on the table right now
Paul pony up your 20 for the table right now
Does everyone have a good time?
They got cake we're gambling we're fucked up. It's amazing. Yes, okay, put your 20 bones down on the fucking tablecloth there, okay
You got what are we doing side beds if you want to handle side?
Anybody that wants to handle yeah, what's your name over there? What table are you?
No, but you can be you can be the book agent over there. What table are you Jim table number what?
Table
Table 41 if you want lay side beds on this right now you go talk to Jim at table 41
Mark almost got up and did it. Yeah, all right. Okay, you know, there's a lawyer at this table
Yeah, he's probably a gambling addict. Yeah, well, it's the guy that it's the guy that has lost the ability to pronounce the word Fred
But there's a lawyer at the table. All right, okay, so
Spencer roll the come out does we got we got the
Is it Paul was the same Paul Paul is the roller. Yeah, okay
No, Paul's Paul is you have 20 bucks out both of you right now Spencer roll the come out dice coming out
We got a hot shooter now 11 11 a winner Dan Harmon. You just want $20 off of Paul
Now Dan all right well, I want to give it to the no no no no no no the tribe of Paul foundation
No, no, no Dan Dan you pick up that 20 and we keep rolling
Paul Paul do you like this action? I know this is what what Paul we're gonna go double nothing right now
It's $40 on the line $40 on the line right now. Paul has a legitimate Paul. This is bigger than Paul
I'd represent some important like the dice aren't visible like
Now for a way you're George, which one? I can't remember
Yeah, yeah
You're Paul too. Okay. All right. Okay two poles. Okay, so he put more money on the second Paul
Do you want to go $40 on this to come out roll?
Okay 40 bucks and it's over Spencer roll those bones. We got a hot shooter come out dice Jesus seven seven a winner
Dan you're up you have 60 bones right now
Who who at that table 52 wants to go 60 bucks? Yeah, who wants to go $60 on the come line?
This is not a good idea
Not it is come on Dan's cleaning house right now
Yeah, he's kicking ass these guys didn't even come to see our show. Yeah, but I know Dan so well
He's got to be he is not enjoying all right Paul Paul number one
Who wants to how about hundred dollars on the fucking money on the line right now hundred bucks?
Okay, so so if they win or if I yeah, yeah, you'll go down 40. They'll get back 60 other dollars. I
Know I've never been more on the side of people that didn't like me. Well try try
Try Dan do your best to make Spencer roll you craps right now, okay?
Okay, so we got all craps. Do we have do we have a hundred bones down on the table right now?
Yes, they put a hundred down. All right, Spencer. Don't like give us an honest roll. We ready coming out
I don't even know what the results mean
11 11 a winner. Oh
Craps Dan you're up. What dad you're up one six right now. Oh craps
No, he's making change. He's really really giving me their money. These guys are gentlemen. They
Come on. I deserve all right then to this story and then they're winning Dan. You're up 160 right now. Yes, I am
Put 200 and also they paid put $15 for this
But they're gamblers. They have a problem. No, what?
Oh, come on. You clearly have it. Okay. Okay. Look. We got the high side. We got it. We're in the we're in the illegal zone
Oh, yeah
How about this Dan at the end of it you get to give it back to me if you like
How about if I if I do a rap and it's great. They win a hundred and sixty dollars
Well, they're gonna lose that fucking and the rest of the cake
That's that's a losing but it's up to me whether it's great. Okay. Well, that sounds like the house has the big
I don't know. We can't give you booze. You can you can order it. I'll buy your next drink
Right, I can't give you booze, but I can give you money towards buying a drink
You guys remind me of every friend of my dad's. That's why I'm being nice to you
But please buzz from work
Your dice are hot as shit right now. I can't believe you're gonna walk away from that. They're so hot. They're illegal
I don't I'm already rich. I don't need I'm sure there's zoning laws that every monster house comes out of blu-ray in some country
I get a check. I'm like, what is this by the dog a hat? I don't know. I
Just I just I just want to die
Just hate money. I hate money. Well, they give them the hundred and sixty of they owe you I did I gave them
I gave them all my money
And now I'm gonna give them a rap about how money's bad
Love it. Dan Harmon everybody
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Cha-ching
Cha-ching more like Chiron
Cash is a sad sad song you you make money you give it to a bank you go to your grave
You find out the money stank cuz it kept you from living it kept you from giving it kept you from doing everything
You should have something I thought your mama so hard. I'm step back and she exploded into shards
Again you keep killing people's mothers
Yeah
One woman has lymphoma one is bleeding to death
You guys are up at least 20 right like we're a square
Okay, thank you George Paul and Ringo. I was
Coming to show your good sports. Thank you
All right
You could have fucking taken those guys for every cent they had
Well, yeah, I could have those guys were hot as a Mexican lunch
Podcast is gonna be about appreciating yourself into the locals, you know, you're supposed to hi guys. How are you?
Table number 41. What's your name? Well, my name's Jim
Finally finally a table with a whole show built in like
Well, my name is jam
That's that you that's you're either an educational movie about how they make preserves. I
Think it's a gym. I think it's a gym. Oh, Jim. Okay. Are you just have a really thick accent? Okay, Jim Jim Jim
No, it's it's actually Jim
Why'd they all why is everybody pointing to you? Why are you the tables mascot?
Okay, thank you. I like you too. I like I like your instincts
I like you know how you lost the room and you're like, I'll come cute and then you say you're like, no
No, no, no, I'm sorry. Sorry sorry
Have the rest of the cake jam. Yeah, take the spoons take everything that that that that bit's dead to dead bit
Jam everybody
Work work in the crowd
Who said I can't work the crowd
I dare you to work the crowd like an emotional like like speaker, but you're not helping anybody
I'm like a self-hurt guru
Whoa
All right, get used to it. You're doing a show calm down harmon
All right, so the lights can go down everybody can can relax
I'll come back out there in a second because I don't have anything to say up here either
Levy did you enjoy emotionally sabotaging me?
Yeah, did you enjoy your birthday cake Levy?
Wait, did you get to have any of it? How was it? Was it good?
No, no, I actually I had the one slice. Yeah, it was good
All right. Well, there's another person here that our
Friend Levi on Twitter was tweeting me about who is it?
Is it this guy? It's a drummer that fell a hundred feet onto his face
That's how I was introduced to you by legend. Do you want to come up and share your story? Oh, man? I
Like that part of it is being a drummer
I
So really like wait, so that's all I got Levi said you got to bring this guy up
He's a drummer. He fell a hundred feet under his face. Yeah, Levi would be here, but he's doing a play
He's directing one 12th anger man. I'm a coconut right, so that's pretty cool
But Levi are Levi from no shoes Levi for all the no shoes leave. I love him or hate him. He's controversial
He's leaving. Yeah, he's a great dude. We're all a lady. Yeah, it was a she now. Yeah. Yeah, she oh, I'm sorry
I'm I do it all the time where we've gone to the point where you can say guy dude, man
It's all good. Thank you for letting me off the hook. That's the old woman way. Thank you
Oh, yeah, I met him as a guy too. Yeah. Yeah
The so the
Met her as a guy. What the fuck is my problem? Yeah?
You guys don't care you're like give me a break. All right, don't tell us we don't care now. No, we're offended. I'm sorry
Sorry, I offended you. I'm not okay. All right, so
Oh, yeah, how do you fall 100 feet under your face? Okay, so let me set the scene
I was in Minneapolis is pitch-black dark. We're like, you know, we're kind of bored. It's a Friday. There's no shows
We didn't have any gigs. So we're like, let's gonna go. Let's go climb some tall buildings
That's you know, we do that on regular Thursdays and stuff. So why not a Friday?
Whatever it's like 2 a.m. Really really dark like I mentioned
So we're climbing this ladder that doesn't stop and then we get to the top
The ladder didn't stop. It didn't feel like it was
Anyway, I have a little bit of OCD is like 92 steps
Like climbing and then we got to the top when we were walking and I didn't wait for the flashlight
That was my first mistake. The flashlights were behind me two of our dudes
Marshall and Adam and there's like this like like a ceiling tile size hole in the top of this building
And so I'm just walking enjoyed in the cityscape. I got it. Okay. I was mixing a drink. I thought I could multi-task
Are you in a cave?
Climb in buildings. There's this lie. It's you're on the outside of a building. Yeah, like it's like a fire escape ladder
Yep, okay. It's an old abandoned green bin mill thing. Okay, and there's a hatch above you
Right. No hatch. We were on the outside of the building. That's a little opening climbing. Yeah, and it's like several openings and
Afterwards I found out like eight other people had also fallen and only one survived. Oh
You meant that no
Later on I found out I was actually the most fortunate person in this incident. Yeah
Well, one of the most
Fortunate people I should say and that you had said let's all do this and that everyone else
Yeah, now it's a thing. Everyone's still doing it. It was dark. There was a hole in this in the ceiling
Yep, and you fell through it straight through a hundred feet. I tried to put my arms out like everything
How long did it take so it felt like it took forever by the same time it was happening so fast
It's really like time. Yeah, it's like a thing when you're yeah when you're following it's crazy
You know you like miss the last step. You're like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, there's no grounded man. It's just oh my god
So I just want to be clear about this you crawled up a ladder on the outside of a building
And the reason you fell is because as you thought you got to the top of the building what should have been
Please walking on the roof and then there's a hole. Yeah, there's a hole
Straight down it. Yeah, I just want to be clear about that. Yeah, so you're falling down through
Just nothing. Yeah, the only thing I could think of was like a spike was just waiting for me
And I was gonna get like games of throwing type of crap through my back
That's like, I mean, there's such a good chance that there's there's not a pillow at the bottom. Oh, yeah for sure
I was praying for water
So you're facing were you facing up as you're falling no I was like
You know arms in the air, uh-huh, maybe don't care what did but anyway, I was like
Turn down for what? Yeah, well everything at that point
But so I'm shaking like a Polaroid picture. Yeah. Yeah, these are all things that go through your head
No, so I hit my feet and I like normally I roll out cuz I skateboard and I like you know jump off
You know roasts and stuff and roll out you like compress your fall. You see yeah, yeah
You're been ninjas do that kind of combat. I mean, I don't know. So you're saying you learn from skateboarding that you should like curl
When you fall
It's the PLF
Together and you turn to the side. He knows I'm talking about so that's what I did
No, but you forgot that other safety instructions don't climb up a hundred feet of ladder without like a rope
You're falling now through a hundred feet of space to a well known dark
It's anywhere from like 60 to 100 feet was never actually like measured out, you know, we didn't really
So all right, so but really you hit your face first. No, not my face
I um, but I did it. That's what the report said, you know, how you know
No one really if you would horribly fell on your little tuchus and you were like, oh
Broke in the process. I like try to roll out and it's like
Concave concrete said the bottom of it. So it's like a funnel up the ends and some rolling into like a wall of concrete
That's like, you know slanted the kind of escape ramp, but not as much fun
I thought you landed on your face
I smashed my knee which which broke my you roll into it and come up and pull a front side faking
No, I wish I try I was trying to rock and roll and just get out of it. You know, did anything change about your life after that?
Oh, yeah, starting with injuries. I mean, I mean not a PTSD and stuff. Did you get fucked up?
Did you break? Oh, yeah, I like my femur is like broke like this. I don't know how you
He's making a gesture that's like mr. Burns if he missed his fingers while trying to tend to them. Yeah. Yeah, I think they call it interlacing
Not excellent. Yeah, it's not excellent. So if mr. Burns trying to say something was excellent, and then it wasn't it just went
No, uh gears messing together your yeah, so just just your your basic. Yeah talking about like a bone
It's like so much force is like
Like lightning patterns couldn't go can break any more than it was breaking so it decided to break my pelvis
Let's not blame the bone
Some of these, you know some of these
Sometimes it's the reverse our president said sometimes it's
Since your pebbles got sheared or shattered or what happened there
Yeah, so then my pelvis broke, and I didn't even realize that this bottom part broke because I was like
I was all focused on when my face hit, you know
Your face is your fortune. Yeah, like I mean not really anymore. I grow up beards
You don't see all the weird stuff. Oh, you have like scarring under your beard. Yeah, I didn't think I'm glad for you
There's a camera. I should look at it. It's like this. You see that. I I could see yeah
I can see a scar you're pointing at it. Yeah
So were you a mess of blood and guts at the bottom? Oh, man. It was blood guts mud
There's bones sticking out here both hinges my jaw. I like all these teeth are these are fake
Check check out my old dentures. I can take out the ones I got on now, too. I can verify he has a bag of teeth
They're not the ones those those yeah, it's a Harmontown first table table 52 for 200 bucks these teeth can be yours
One roll of the dice
Over a thousand a piece is ridiculous. Yeah, and I had to get to you're walking around and talking like you're losing a Christmas
This is crazy. You're very lucky. I mean just looking at you. Oh, yeah, whatever whatever's going on internally
You must be in a lot of pain probably at one point. They said I was paralyzed in the hospital
And I like I wouldn't take that as a yes answer. I was like, no, I'm not like you can't move your legs
I was like, yeah, I can't yeah, you can't I was like, so if you're paralyzed and you're listening fucking suck it up
Buttercup not really though. Not really. I know I know you didn't mean that but I always I always I always think that way
Yeah, see when they when they show things where it's like the kid fights cancer and then over comes it I'm like, well
What if your kid doesn't like what are you supposed to be like? Well, so go I should go fuck myself like I didn't work hard
Oh, yeah, yeah, I didn't think positively enough. I don't like I deserve cancer. Okay, sorry
But no, you're very lucky and because you I expected I fully expected and was I was you know
Like he said you fell a hundred feet under your face and I thought oh, yeah
This is this is good because I want to punish like like anybody who thinks the like
Performing should have to do with looking like Jeff, you know, like I want to I want to show
Like I want to I want to I want to I want the new standard of beauty to be reality
But then you came up and you're all good-looking and you just fell on your face
Okay, well show is deformity. Yes, why we're here
He looks like he could have been like in the almond brothers or the eagles like
Like he looks like
The headband what's the what's the deformity you're gonna show us
Mic up close you can hear it and everything. Oh, this is this is the tea thing. Okay. Well, okay
You're gonna pull out your bridge. It's like a fake. It's a little more than a bridge. Okay
Oh, no, it's more than oh, okay. All right. Well, okay
Okay, oh, oh, show me show me Luke. What on earth is happening?
You have a there's like a bottom. They're a separate one. His mouth is like a sarlacc pit
Like like yeah, you're you're you're you're didn't you kill both of us are just all gone
Just gone. So I have to take these out when I eat. We're still growing bone density
These have a way more gums on them. Like they're building the gums back up. So yeah, we had to do another surgery here
They'd like popped out my leg and scraped out some bone marrow
shoved it in there with some animal
I mean, I've knocked on wood
I mean eventually something's gonna happen to me and it'll be the worst thing of all because I don't have the balls
To climb a ladder so I won't have the cool thing falling on my face
But but all of us eventually learn the human body is like
It's just like a 57 Chevy. They start telling you like we're gonna take a muscle from your ass and put it on your head
Just mark everything clicks and cracks now when I wake up in the morning and like stretch now
So so Levi had also tweeted he said he said you have you know, you have feelings you want to share
I don't want to put you in the spot like it's more than just you there's always more details
Usually it's not so enlightening like this. I started getting on terry eyed and like yo
I was in a coma for five days another five days. I couldn't walk or speak to remember my dad's name. Uh, it just gets depressing
Well, we know we know that that's rough to go through. Oh, for sure. We'll get the coma thing
Yeah, the coma is no fun
But I like the worst part is remembering it all they're always like, oh, you're gonna forget
like you you you're playing your brain blocks pain after so much time, but like
I don't know man. I still wake up the night dares. I didn't know what Kanye West was talking about when he first came out
That song but now I think I get it
What did he fall through?
Sometimes you have to fall 100 feet
Sometimes you have to fall 100 feet and land on your face to find out what Kanye is talking about
He'd be happy to know that a guy just fell on his face and was in a coma. He woke up and he's like what?
Oh, yeah, okay. Anyways, the um, but uh, shit. Shit. Shit. Wait. What was I gonna say?
It was on the tip of my tongue fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Bad show bad show. It's a good show
Thank you. Thank you
Oh, I know what I was gonna ask on forensic files. There was this lady
There was a lady on forensic files and she uh faked getting knocked out by an intruder
Who then took her baby and killed it because she wanted to kill the baby
Uh, and she had this so part of her story was he came in and he karate chopped me and uh,
And I don't remember anything after that and all this stuff
And so they went into this whole thing about like when you have a trauma that rattles your brain enough to knock you out
It's scientifically
Like it's a fact that the moments before that trauma are it was there a while when you had no idea what was happening
What like what has happened for sure there's more details too like
When they had to come and uh get me it took them two hours to find where I was
So I'm like at the bottom of this hole
My I got a tooth that went so far up my gum it is coming out my bottom my nose right here
Like you could feel the wall. I have to check in with somebody. Hey, uh, luanna. Look. Okay. What was your name again?
I'm sorry
Luana we're seats in the house, right?
Yeah, okay. All right. See bye
I just realized I was like I can't see you so I think okay. You're like 50 you're tweeting like $15. Fuck you
There was there was
Let's bring luana. Well, she's got it's her whole table. Yeah, but she'll be a representative
They could switch
Also luana, you know, you don't have to come up in case you fell and you're like I paid $15
I went to the show. I couldn't see it. Then they brought me up and humiliated me
All right, so all right, uh fell on your face, uh, okay good
Oh, and he said he said you had a he said you had a rap
I do I have a little like an emotional rap that I made about it
It also is like some of it's calling you out jam, but not personally. Oh, shit
I uh, I love to be called out when it's not personal. It's not personal because I know how it's just about my work
It's just business. Yeah
That's that's my least sensitive area
That's why I do what I do. I just I listened to the podcast all the way through so often at work
I became a little paranoid and I thought you were talking about me
I thought you remembered me from a show way long ago. I'm glad you don't because I made a fool of myself
Oh, no, wait, so you really what tell me about that experience. Yeah, uh, you met me after a show and I
You were I mean you might not remember because you're kind of angry and you know something. I don't want to say anything bad
I'm going to in the rap. So okay. Well, what yeah, wait, wait, wait
I wrote it down. No, where did you meet Dan the first time? What was this? Uh, I was in Chicago. Yeah, okay
So we were on tour during the uh, was this on stage or offstage?
Offstage so what what you're saying like what I met you. I was in a bad mood. Yeah, you're like, uh,
I don't remember a word for word, but you weren't happy. You're like, you told me I was blacklisted. I was nervous and welcome back again
To the to the venue in Chicago that could have been it
I don't know that this happened
Now I don't know if I won that craps game like what's going on
What do you mean blacklisted when I use that phrase casually Dan told you you were back
Yeah, like 69
What you were 69. Oh, oh, I'm sorry 86
You may you may have misinterpreted an experimental phase of my
Numbers, you know, I go on tour and I think let's try some stuff. You thought I was blacklisting you
Sometimes dan likes to 69
I got a sexual uh, okay, so you felt 86 not 69 right dan because he was in a bad mood
From my twitter feed from I don't remember
But you wrote a rap about it. This is why I don't think it happened. No offense. All right
Well, wait also did it happen before or after you felt it happened after I felt okay great
Good to know. All right. Well, I was also like this and I was like really mean and you couldn't see through my
teeth
Like what is he saying? Oh, okay
So I why all right. I didn't have a smile like I do today
All right. I bullied a differently abled person in Chicago. No, you didn't told them that they were blacklisted from life
Any care
Mutually filleting each other
Uh, but it's and you wrote this rap to do you want to beat you always want to do your I don't know it's more like uh
I could give you a beat
On thursday like my parents my parents like don't go you like you're scared of them. I was like, how are you?
So now hi luana. Welcome to hell. Yeah, thank you
Yeah
Luana do you want a shorter rap and then like a longer rap? Okay. He's pulled out a tiny notebook pages
Wait, well, let's hear the short one and maybe we'll want to hear the long one
Yeah, would you like to and the crowd went mild
I'll do the I'll do the flipping
Okay, this is
Can I hold that I'd feel much more comfortable if I could hold that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Luana's blog entries is just getting better by the minute
Uh, I started from the beginning. I guess the short one. I think where the pencil mark stops and the pen begins
This is just a short one. Okay. We'll start here and we'll just go you can just stop whenever
All right, this one's not about the fog is a little shorter. It's just about like, you know
Shit, this is about you hitting Dan Harmon or just no, this one's just random not this one. We'll save that one for
I want to I want to hear
We only signed up for one rap
No, we want to hear we want to hear we want to hear we want to hear how you Dan Harmon hurt you
Okay, I was really angry and I was there's this new strain of paranoia that came out in a
Tocable form. All right
Let's see here. All right, you guys ready? Yeah
Just because it's now plugged in under your name after you already achieved mainstream
Doesn't mean you can claim fame and truly belongs to me
You're a part of a bigger hypocrisy as far as you can see. This is a need to be time to be free
Page turn because morality is immortality. I will rise above this and what you should trust is the words coming out
My mouth is it's not served with sauerkraut. That shit is about foreskin with your next to kin. That was disgusting
I know you know what I mean talking sausage about all these postings now dissecting what has already been
posted
Spoken there we go spoken out now here. I so loud took everything I had and I hope you're happy now
You changed to be all right someday flight you behind you
Um on the true night not forever been signed to nothing to no one's center once in the coma
Never had it. Well never had money to keep a honey or a honeypot. I'm seriously turning me down
Nope, not now far as I said a pc child as shit goes wild once you hear the sincere queer step to this mic
Not for telling my might
But the most horrible horrors one that make me my own orders all the clouds I resonate through as I
Incriminate you because I ain't got nothing to lose talk about falling down on your nose
It's just as red as the clown of my neighborhood. You know what sounds good. So I can't you write your own shit instead of being a
We
Behaving worse than a clip one of which I had no part of because I'm starting up my own rapper's world one
Which you won't be a part of they already know your own ones won't
Drive your own car because you're more addicted to those screens that you're most likely will never escape
E no, I'm not talking about nor the time I would tell you the story not once but twice assure me
You did everything. All right. Well got ready to prepare the ice
Right here three because you got the need after the fight. No, I'm not gonna be nice everyone
I talked to had the chance to provisions are low
Especially when I was held up in bed never even read nothing
But this shit through a tube said it's really good for you, but hold up
Let's rewind fell a little more than two stores, bitch
Please post it up my left leg you see the blast struck straight through my knee through the fema so far, you know
I go so hard
After my fema was flux splintered on through next was we're approaching the summer and Elvis ever spit rapping making shit
Fall fame what you gotta say better when you spit your own
Our guides have died. Not your hair doesn't mean in there trying to ninja roll out and I let out a shout
Couldn't make it through I tried to tuck and roll. Let's just say I never made it to the show
Yeah, I bet you already know judge me by my teeth
I had something more frightening than lightning for fucked up face worse than any mace head backs bounce back
So high fell out my left eye broke up my over luck
Upper and lower chompers couldn't see for weeks stole my shit while I was weak
So I said wouldn't it be nice if this person and that person would join in but now I know the truth
And that's the truth is ain't what within you imagine if I took something from you
You jump up through the roof more than you spoof go poof gets a little better as it goes on
I laid it all out
Halfway done you guys now it's dressing and others who want to bling repeating the words as I move towards words country
All the things you see through the tv or the internet where most of our time is spent once said I couldn't rhyme like that
But that was in reference to my presence and now I know you see the truth
And you should be free trouble too for one day you will slip and I will be on top of it
No, it's not just a zip. There is no reason to even know you already know what I'm talking about say fuck you on this fine day
I hate it when you talk about my friends phone where I memorized the ring tone
Y'all know the bones so I'm trying to phone and I told you I told you twice and that's all right
You see isn't saying the drunken hall of fame. What a shame. You know, you know what it's about me
It's like one time about you there's no reason for you to recover the old track
You never want to go back afraid of the new hashtag with your name on it
Maybe you should try a bonnet suck your thumb again because I know you a pelican crew one hit wonder boy
I wonder who else and wrap out seven minutes about somebody else's business. Just just be your true self. Maybe I do
Hold on. Maybe I do
Even we're even we're even uncle uncle
Uncle even better where I think we're less than halfway through
Thank you. We're not we're not we're not
I it's darker a little harder. We're gonna close the show by him reading male wolf. Should we do it another day?
Thank you very much. That's a lot to put out there and like yeah, I mean
I didn't get to the mud in the blood part, but right. Yeah, I got hungry when you said sausage sausage and sauerkraut
Yeah, that's the first page Jeff. Yes. That's when I checked
It's like I'm 44, but all I can get is the irony that it's like well, it's a scathing indictment of someone who's abusing the
Time that they are getting on stage
Oh, my bad. I don't know. Well, it's just it's just sort of like that's all I can get it's all I'm getting is that
It's like I really scared to say why you're up on stage and you're not mindful of the individual's listening
And there's somebody there's people out there. They're human beings and human beings and feelings and human beings are entitled to
Be entertained
I get to that
Right, you get to that but you got to that you I mean you now know what it's like to have stage time
Like you had an unequivocal fucking like a microphone like focused on you, but he would have been there for three hours
He would have no there's no and wait
What if somebody came up to you after that show after you did that for two hours?
What if somebody came up to you and like I don't know what I don't know what happened
I've never said the word blacklist
Outside of it. Yeah, I've never heard you say like like but but what if so what if you had a
Disatisfying encounter with somebody after a show and then what if that person then was at your next show?
What if they were like, I want to tell you about your show or the show and then you're like, well, it's hard to do a show
Because oh, yeah, that's this dude is rapping his bells
Uh, let's let's let's check in with luana. Ron. What did you think about that rap?
Ha ha ha
And I'm sorry it was long and I wish you had about a bigger book to write it
Thanks, that's page terms
Understandable
Luana, what's your deal? What are you up to these days?
I
I'm just here
Dan Harmon
Where are you from? Arkansas. We're part of Fayetteville Fayetteville. Uh, did you go to school there?
Yeah, yeah
And uh, you drove down here. Yeah, my friend marcos did
Mark cuz my cars broke down right now
Your car broke down. Yeah having transmission problems
And I said, hey, I bought my ticket. Also. Will you please let me drive with you. Yeah
No, that's awesome. All right. What's it like to be on stage next to luke? It's a luke, right? luke
That's good
We're best friends now
Well, that's right. Let's
Let's say I'm a hand for luke because I want to keep the cheers rotating. Let's have a hand for luke and luke everybody. Thank you
Thanks. His brush with jenfin is rapping luke. That was good shit, man
Thank you luke for your awesome rhymes and uh sharing
I gotta say it takes a lot of courage to come up on stage and admit that you were told never to come around him ever again
Like you could have just been pulled so quick and yet that was one of the first things like you said it pretty early
But where's my medal for going? Oh
Interesting here's the chariot
I wait and where's their medal for being like? Oh
Uh, thank you. Here's my $15. I was getting to tell whoever you want to just say stuff. Jesus Christ. What the fuck?
You're like a god damn it. I'm always there
Uh, wait luwana and steve switch. So it's a luwana. You're next to dan. So you guys can convene here
I don't want to argue all night, but she's fine where she is, right? She's comfy. Okay. All right
All right. I mean you 69 luke, but you
I offered I told him he was 69
Um, all right. Like let's let's uh, what I want to let's let's let's balance it out
Like I want to um
Is this this can't end well. Thank you
Actually, you know, you know who if you you know who you know who I oh, I know what I know you're thinking
What he knows
You don't question him. What what do you come on? What do you you're you're asked about lacy?
What? Oh, you want me to oh, I thought that's where you're going. I wanted to I did want to bring up sam the sound guy
Oh, you should
I thought we were getting to know luwana
We're
You don't have a show. My whole show is shitting on you. That's all I have
We have a woman on stage that we haven't even spoken to and you want to start bringing up other people
I
luwana doesn't want this kind of attention anymore than the luwana. Okay. I mean it was like
Yeah, what else would you ask? What else would you ask me?
She's already up here. Yeah, dan ask her an important question. Uh luwana. What what color is love?
It's a dark purple. Oh nice
I mean she said that like she she knows that that's the actual answer scientific fact
Do you have a favorite color purple? Is it dark?
Why is dark purple your favorite color? Like why is that love?
It just feels it feels like love to you. My grandma used to wear dark purple
You loved her. Yeah, she's gone. She said you said did she's when did she go away?
Uh
I'm not good with dates. This sounds really bad. You have a symptom of the ad
Dan has a wrap up about your grandma. Yeah
How hard did you fuck her?
I'm gonna lock eyes with her. So I luwana's grandma was named linia. He fucked her so hard. She got chlamydia
Oh
Right seems like kind of an obvious place to go but yeah
I would have been much more giving I think Dan you would have been much more nuanced about that. Yeah, exactly
Uh, no what I was gonna do is I was hoping like I was I wanted to bring somebody else up that was like, okay
What's the opposite of a guy that fell a hundred feet? I do his face and that has a wrap about how I done him wrong
Which would be somebody who maybe has anyone been launched into the air a hundred feet
And or is very happy that they met me or something just to
It's just for me. It's just like I'd like to balance it. We got people pointing at other people
It's very curious to me. Like you're like this guy loves you so much
And he can fly
Uh, is it true would your friend wise your friends pointing at you?
He thinks that you admire me and think that I'm an inspiring figure in your life
Yeah, do you would you tell would you tell me about it in front of people?
You don't have to but if you would it would make me feel better
You can take the birthday seat
Hello, what's your name? Tim and you're from arkansas. I'm guessing markin son
Hmm
I'm getting good at this. All right. Well, I'll tell me tell me how you how you love me
I don't I don't know if it's that astounding but I I'm just kind of a failed writer and
And I'm impressed with
with your
Your writing it's like you're the opposite of a skateboarder
What what didn't you write?
I've not written a lot of scripts. Okay scripts and screenplays and stuff. Okay. Yeah, a lot of poetry. Cool
Luanna, what's your when you say failed writer Tim? You mean you failed how?
Oh, I just I don't know what I mean. I'm just you know, I'm an introvert my friends made me come up here
You wrote you write and you're not Dan Harmon is what you mean, right?
You're not like a nobody wants to call himself a writer ever. We were just talking about you
At the table with my friends that I just met who are who are awesome
They gave me
this bumper sticker
Anyway, oh nice Harmontown next tangent
So what were we talking about? Okay
We're talking about you table the table was like, uh
You know
Sorry, don't worry, but I it's me too. I do the same thing. Believe me. It's every show
I was that's why I was I was shifting over to Luana for a second when you got adjusted to the because this gets boring really fast
Believe the trust them, uh
But I was gonna say Luana. What's your uh, what's your like not your current job?
But like the one that you feel failed at like either it's because you didn't take piano lessons or what's the thing that you would have done
That you should have done that you are you you still think about like fuck. I didn't do that thing
I failed it all of my job
It's like I just need money so I
Right
It's not it's just not like a dichotomy where it's like my dream life and then my regular life
Something just kind of okay. Yeah, I guess come to think of it
We sort of create that dichotomy in Hollywood because we're like, what if poorer people didn't kill rich people?
I guess it would be because we showed the movies about how working in a factory was just as good as their dreams
And the way we do that is by fading in on someone who has a dream and a factory job
And then we factory out these like myths to people what factory do you work at?
I work it's called Walmart. Mm-hmm. What's your what's your post there?
Um, I work at the home office. I answer calls about registers
Answer calls about registries answer registers if the register breaks
Oh, wait. Are you like a technician that fixes the register? I know I just take the call about it
To the person who will just tell somebody there's a thing broken
I'll send it to the next level. Do you live in constant fear of people realizing that your job could be?
There's a phone on the left side of your desk and a phone on the right side
And then someone's gonna notice that you could connect the cords
I'm laughing because uh
I'm a cruel person. I guess I know I'm laughing because I've been there. I guess I don't know. I like that's okay. Well
What oh, yeah, okay. All right lights are out. Okay. That's the they found out we were playing craps on stage
Okay, so back to you see I forgot your name Tim Tim easy name to forget
Now you're a little more relaxed like, uh, uh pitch us your app
No, I don't know
I just want to I just brought you up. Is it like I was like somebody hug me
What if you uh, what kind of writer are you would it be? Uh screenplays or novels or short stories or
Poetry really poetry really poetry. Yeah
Yeah, the thing is like you can be a failed poet and die and then people find out later on that you were a great poet
That's what I'm counting on
But that's what makes it the hardest job of all because you're like, well, how do I know when I've started or finished?
I'm like, I'm gonna write some poetry today
Well, maybe maybe this blank page is my poem
Or maybe it makes me identical to a non-poet and then you're like, I'll put a I'll put an a
Like that might that might be the best poem ever. I will never know. Yeah
we uh
so what I was trying to say before
is you
Put yourself out there, uh, you you you stand up here and show people your failure
Your your true self
But also your your your accomplishments, right?
And it's impressive. That's that's what we love about. Yeah, I take it for the team
I'm like, look if I can do this, you know, come on. What are we afraid of? What's your worst nightmare ending up?
like up here going like
That's my show
And then you're like, here's $10 $15 and you're like, there he is going. Uh, I go
I can do it like when like I think it's a service. I like it
I like connecting with people. You're talking to him or me. Okay him. You want to pull him from Tim?
Yeah
Do you have poems that you you would never you seem like a guy that would never want to share one of your poems?
That's a challenge
I'm sorry guys. I I don't have a memorized. I'm not a
I'm not a spoken word poet. Yeah, sorry. But the thing is like
Poetry is an important thing. Like I I'm only recently getting into like poetry like and like really reading poetry because
Poetry for me always seems like something it's a little
Distant and like you have to be smart or like like it's like listening to jazz
Like like that that horn solo by cold train is like it's above my
My musical brain and you read poetry and it kind of escapes you a bit
But if you really sit down and listen to poetry and let it wash over you it actually is really important
And also like and I'm not being reductive or diminishing at all like luke
Like what you what you read for us like that was poetry and that was like it's cool for people to write things down
Just for the sake of writing them down and saying them out loud or putting them on paper
So like to be a poet is uh important. I think especially now when our president can't can't finish a fucking sense
Absolutely. Also. He's the only is the only president and hey, I voted for him too
He's just not the most literate president we've ever had
We can all admit that I voted for not kidding. I'm gonna hear that voted for trump
And let's not make this political he didn't have
He didn't have a poet laureate at his inauguration because he's not poetic
And I think we need poetry in the world right now more than ever so to have people
all that
I am suspicious of everybody who always everybody who has a problem with words and I've always had that problem
And believe me I acknowledge the fact that uh the left side of the political spectrum has had a problem with words more than anybody
Whose phone was that what okay good just make a sure sorry
I mean I've been I've been as much like I you know people have told me you used the wrong pronoun
You did it again. I did it to Levi. I did it like and I like I I have the biggest foot in your mouth kind of like
Old fat white guy kind of like face of the of the enemy of progression
Uh kind of syndrome going on and for the longest time it was very easy for me to be like Jesus christ
He's fucking politically correct nazis and all this stuff, but and there is a part of us
The the best part of us that's like, oh
Let's all let's all just start being really really nice to each other and let's have a rule that you have to be really really nice to each other
and then and like now actual
Like actual bad ugly like hatred has come out of the woodwork and the weird really weird thing is that
A lot of the people who have been the most adamant to adapt to a world where we have rules about what we say are the people that are now
Forced to acknowledge that fuck the only enemy of this thing is like verbal nudity
Is like making mistakes
Babbling like saying what you actually mean if the more people do that and also it has to be coupled with if you're wrong
Then someone says that offended me. They don't mean you shouldn't have been born
They don't mean that you shouldn't have any money that you have they don't mean that you should lose your job
They mean that offended me and you can actually just be like like, okay fine, then you're easily offended whatever
But what is my fucking point?
I just like like I'm we're all awash in this this this weird zone right now
And like I I have no idea like you you're awash in this weird zone like Harmon like we have work tomorrow
I I don't have a point. This is usually the part of the show where I spiral into like a really
Accidentally eloquent rant. Um, it's it's intentional and not an eloquent this time. And it's just your tough luck. You're out 15 bucks
You'd have lost a lot more out there this last two hours
It's it's there's those those machines are designed to rob you I don't care
And then I just I just throw everybody into the bus and
get on a plane
I don't know what I'm saying. I'm scared and fat and white and sad and
Straight and I I guess I offered to 69 a guy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your applause. Thank you. That's very brave. I
Don't know what we're having a small meeting. We're having a small meet and greet after Dan's gonna 69 10 people after the show
I will 69 everybody that hasn't been 69 now Tim a friend of yours
I think handed you a phone. Is that somebody handing you one of your poems for us to read or to hear?
Yes, oh really?
What if I mean you know that you know that we're gonna even if it sucks we're gonna pretend
It's awesome because like you're
Because we that's how humanity works. Can I do a small interlude real quick like
Whatever your politics are whether you are pro-trump anti-trump whatever whatever your stance is right now
Um, he didn't have a poet at his inauguration, which is normally the case. Oh, that's what I was saying. Yes
and
I want to read one quote that is is what John F. Kennedy said at his inauguration
Or maybe not as an auguration, but he said at some point when power leads a man to arrogance
When power leads a man toward arrogance poetry reminds him of his limitations
When power narrows the area of man's concern
Poetry reminds him of the rich richness and diversity of existence when power corrupts poetry cleanses
So I would include Luke in that and everybody and also Dan and your ramblings
Like like the idea of the idea of saying what's on your mind and being able to say it
Semi intelligently hopefully very intelligently like the idea of like of
Expressing thought in a world where right now like it's just dying on the fucking vine like we have
Uh, we've got Tim on stage who is a poet and and is worried that you're a failed writer
You're not a failed writer. It's fucking gorgeous that you are a poet in a world without poetry
I know what you're thinking. How do I follow that? I know what you're thinking
That's
Wow, but the answer is with sincerity and like look
Yeah, you've got nothing but runway here. Okay. You saw what we put up with
This
You know Dan played fake craps with a bunch of guys that didn't know who we are
You know how bad this show is
You're you're you're good Tim. Tim lay one on us, please
Uh, okay. I'm just gonna read it. This is called challenger deep
I'll just read it
In truth once more, uh, I stood shivering clinging to starboard gear unnatural fear
Braided lines strained out of roiling water
snagging sea monsters
trawlers coaxing nightmares to light
When ancient head near breaking pacific lines snapped
The behemoth sank back to the deeps caverns unfathomed
Four times over the morning course we drug the bastard skyward
Four stolen hooks left us ragged shrouds of algae
Midday and the captain ordered a final angle
I think he caught my ashen face
Ordering me to take lead either fear-abandoned ship or the cowered dog's body
I lurched forward
clutching leaded nets shouts fell away above a submarine missile shadow
scuttling aft
Thod under dying wake tiger propping herself on deck resting on pectoral fins
As a child might lean elbows on a soda counter
Powerless I caught myself searching sunken stocking eye incredulous mates tails
Some hideous king swallowing whole to become man to walk on land
To seduce to spawn and amphibious
To devour mothers to drag fathers through the void
Anvil skull
Smiling rows of arrowheads
Thanks Nick
You bet
I like the size of the page
Scrollable page
Also, we can say for sure you're not a failed writer. That's magnificent, man. That's really cool. You've been given a horrible task. You have to keep writing
You have to keep writing for no audience. You have to keep doing it whether you like the only person that can evoke
They can say those words. It doesn't matter. It's just like that is that I guess that's what I was trying to get at is like
we this this thing about
Fashion and like when we're saying the right thing and the wrong thing and how that reflects upon whether or not we want humanity to progress
Uh, it's like well, we've actually fallen back to a position where okay
There's a war between the people that think you need to say what you feel and a war and the people who think that that should be actually put over here
Well, you do things that affect people and that you lie that that's what politics should be and all that stuff and like it's
It's no matter what you voted for and no matter what your politics are and no matter who how your family leans and what you think people forgotten
What sickens you and how you're sick of this and all that like I like to think that everybody that
Like that I would want to hang out with as somebody that agrees that it's better to just barf out
Shit like and some of it will be silk and some of it will be dessert from last night
And some of it will be ugly and some will be beautiful and like we gotta sort it out like like it's just our job
Why am I why am I explaining that to you? You're a poet
But that's what I love about this podcast is that you guys throw it all out there and I worry too much as a poet
I worry too much about that's the enemy making it perfect. Did you hear the open my giggle episode where he was like?
Yeah, the enemy is stopping. It's like oh, it's that it's that idea
I've said that a thousand times to young writers because but I never follow this advice ever ever
I've never followed it once is that the idea that your your job is to write something good is why you're not writing
Because who the fuck is going to write something good? It's great advice
Your own it's your own definition of good writing is going to be automatically better than anything you've ever written
And if you're worth your salt so that you know, that's not what you're going to write
You have to write something underneath you have to write shit that you think is bad
You have to get get to that level and you just like like like like get it out there
I never do it. I never do it
I sit there and go like fuck it and then someone calls and says you're fired tomorrow
And then I go fuck you then and they're like this is fine. I'm like, yeah, it was fine
Because I'm a genius
And then I say on Twitter, I'm a genius and then you guys say I'm a genius and then I come to Oklahoma and do a show and
People get cake, but overall I don't know
Uh, all right. Well, thank you Tim for that poem. I really appreciate it. Thank you Tim
Tim real quick
Before you go. Is there a uh, is there a way for people to find your poetry online that we can go look at?
Or is there a last name or a thing that we want to find?
My last name is miran m u r e n you might find a couple of things out there if you really want to search for them
Yeah, well, I do. Yeah, that's cool. Thanks. Thanks Tim
He had that pause for a second. He was like
My last name is and I was like, oh here we go. He's like
My last name is hitler, but
Here's the thing
Like I'm I'm obsessed with nautical imagery and I learned it while my grandpa told me about hitlers conquests at sea. I
But I'm not one of those hitlers
I'm a self-loathing hitler. Loana. Are you an artist anyway? Do you have any artistic leanings? Not at all
None
You don't you don't sing you don't dance. You don't write. I can't cut a straight line
With a scissors you mean like she says she's all crafty. My whole family is I can't cut a straight line
I can't draw. Are you young enough for me to ask how old you are?
That's a good age
I think that's how old steve is now
I kind of have this it's a it's a it's a horrible human urge. I want to see you panicked
Like I want to wait. Whoa. Jesus christ
Well because she's so evolved and relaxed. I'm like what makes her panic. I said it was a horrible urge
This is the dynamics great
So you're thinking like like you you're admittedly not an artist any
any way
None
But you're you seem just cool as shit like you're a mellow
Maybe that's a secret. I think artists are all crazy people like but they have to have to have to say something
We like get off their chest so they can relax, but you just seem
Naturally relaxed my art is not worry
No, this is a real thing. You're buddha
Your art is yeah, it's big
I I this is a real thing. I've been thinking about because I'm writing this this book that's
You know I was gonna also rob people other money, but but uh
The where I'm like, I'm thinking about like human evolution and how we're like we're all like coming from chimpanzees
I'm sorry if you didn't vote for that. Uh, I know you're all liberal. It's fine. And I didn't mean that if you're not
I'll do it. I'll suck your dick for a dollar
Don't beat me up
No, no, let's not check it with them. We checked it with them enough
But no, I love to think that they hung out and then they're they're like, what who's Duncan Trussell? And then they're like
Think all that too, uh, but but but I
Like I was just thinking about like chimpanzees and like the fact that like we as a species like the species that we evolved from
Like our shtick became
Alarm like like if you want like like we peaked at like we're like so satisfied
We have no enemies
We were like
The only thing we had to worry about was like leopards coming at us and then we just became this
Like this species that was like we'll sit here. We'll eat. We'll fuck. We'll hang out and then if anything fucks with us
We'll go
And then everyone will go like run away
And now today we just like walk around with these devices in our phones
And it's just like everything that alarms us is the thing that sells
It it's it's bigger than just like the news. It's like our stories are about like you're gonna die
How are you gonna deal with that? How are like like we're addicted to
We're beyond addicted to it. Like we're built on it
Like we're we are just people that like we don't think that anything could possibly be fine
And as a result
Nothing is ever fine. Like there's always shit to worry about which continues to feed itself
It's like it's like a junkie saying well, I only do heroin when my life's going really shitty
Like yeah, and it's you're you're guess what that's gonna be Wednesday. It's gonna keep happening like like because
Like you're putting yourself in that zone like we've been doing that
But there's unlike with heroin or booze or anything
There's absolutely not a single human being or even carbon-based life form. That's not a
Not on this thing. So no one's ever gonna call us on it. But that's what we're doing. We're like sitting around like
figuring out how to freak out and
And we like we're never gonna stop unless we actively decide that we have a problem and have like a 12 step meeting where we're like
We we love freaking out. We don't want to do it anymore. We're always gonna want to do it
Let's go to the moon and like not freak out anymore
I don't know why i'm laying all this on you like
I'm fine. You're you're working at walmart and you're like fine. I'm projecting onto you and i'm like here's the thing luanna
You're so laid back like do you have you're so laid back you do you have anxiety at all like
I don't want to say you're laid back
But when you lay around the house
The house goes back
Do you ever have anxiety that you you get you get hung up on shit
Or are you are you bullshitting us? Are you are you just that that mellow even keeled all the time?
Or is it something that you you have to like sublimate and eat up that anxiety
Like can you bury it down? You're a raging inferno inside?
Yeah, you're about to go off
I'm like fine with being a raging inferno. I like this
You're you're fine. You're fine with us accusing you of being a raging inferno inside. She's fucking with us
She's fine with everything. I mean, I'm asking are you is it is it possible to be just completely laid back?
Or are you are you keeping some shit buried? Like I freak out, but it's not for long. I don't stay mad long
I don't do anything for long. You don't hold grudges. No, that's good. That's great. Yeah
Is there anything and I know the answer is no
Is there anything that you repeat to yourself when you start to get upset that makes you relax?
I know the answer is no because you don't because you're like you're just like, oh, I'm relaxed like I'm trying to learn things like
Oh, whatever
I'm sorry. I know
He's asking he's asking you to tell him that you have a mantra that keeps you cool, but you're probably just cool
built in
I want that to be true, but that's not true
Yeah, you want to help me because that would be great, but you're fine with you're fucking fine
I just watch tv all the time and like I would spend weekends just listening to your commentary on community
And it doesn't and nothing I say
You know, listen, I'm trying to tell you in those commentary. I'm like, well this episode could have been better
Luanna get upset
And you're like
What do you want what's what do you watch like do you watch true crime?
Law and order special victory
So, okay
So you're gobbling up a little it's fictional crime. Yeah
Like yeah, I don't if I watch like 48 hours or something like that
It freaks me out because I live alone and then it's like oh someone's gonna kill me now. Yeah
40 hours is always about a woman who got fucking murdered by some asshole
And it's just some random person on the street. It's not like a husband or anything
It's like they didn't know him and they saw him and then now she's dead
It's funny because it's true
Uh the uh, I snort when I laugh sometimes, sorry
The uh, he doesn't want to he only snorts when he's around somebody beautiful as you if
If in your in your laid-backness
You could you osmotically understand that I'm an uptight person that
Is driven by his ability to make people happy which means people have to be unhappy
I have to make them happy. Is there anything I can do to make you happy even if you have to lie?
Like you just say like oh if you pulled down your pants I would make my day and then I pulled out my pants
That's not a don't say that I chose that suggestion to take it off the table
I know you know you shouldn't
I'm saying like I'm saying like like like like help me
Like you're privileged. You're relaxed. You're asking her Dan. You're saying that you you want
Flawed people to be fixed by your creativity and you're asking her to be flawed so that you can make her happy
Yes, but she clearly is a happy person. I know and I don't like that. But yeah, but
She likes you
Otherwise like she already likes you whether or not she's flawed. I'd like her to be different
And if she's so cool she can do that for me
You're trying to fix somebody who doesn't need fix it. I'm trying to break her
No design she came prefixed it's nothing to do with her but break her
This is exactly why she doesn't watch 48 hours
Yeah, all right. All right. Fine. Fine. Well, stay up here. Let's I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go
Unless you don't want to I'm gonna go out to the audience again
Yeah, you guys like it you like this part welcome to heaven. All right table nine. What's going on?
I tried to send you a drink
They wouldn't send you a drink. I got plenty. I got plenty
Well, right on you got kettle one right on for sure
Table nine table
Table nine needs bread
Table nine table nine clearly doesn't need more alcohol
Oh, you have a community book. What is that a sense of community essays on the television series and its fandom edited by
Ann Guy Lee, what is this?
A friend of mine is a college professor and actually has a book about your show. Wow
Take that Chuck Laurie
Don't see a lot of books about that. Well, thank you for bringing that and having that out in the open
It was just to give me a boost, right?
Oh, that's it back to this guy see
We love you for people that don't know our show that anyone that happened in here tonight like the gamblers in the back table
Uh, this is a show about Dan asking the world. Do they love him and the answer?
Yes, the answer is yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. We love you
All right, okay
All right. Well, I think that easy. I still want to get more data, but he's angry at loana for not needing to be fixed
I just look. I don't know what I'm doing
I just I have an internal gauge where I'm like if I spent $15 I'd walk away going. Oh, that's awesome. I robbed him
Take out $200 and say one more game of craps
All right, let's check in with the guy that dressed like rick
What's your name? I'm john. Hello
Oh, you say you're drunk. John. Oh, John. It's projection. It's called projection. I'm sorry
You're john, uh, thank you for dressing like rick. Uh
Are you from arkansas? No, i'm from oklahoma
Where the dirt's red
Where are my grandpappies from? Yes. Yeah
Uh, when's the last time there was a tornado here? Uh,
a couple days ago
Like all the time and a bunch of people died and it's in bad taste for me to bring it up, right?
Uh, I guess yeah, if you're not from here. Okay. Good
Well, thanks for dressing like my show. Uh
You just meant uh shy rick. Yeah
This tiny rick. There's the shy rick. All right table 46. How are you doing pretty good? What's your name? Conor? Conor
Conor
What are you? What's uh, what's what's your fit? What what what are you?
You're
Oh, come on. Don't I mean you can both be conor. Let's
It's that that's actually that
All right, never mind sir. I was going to break up a terminator thing and say everyone can be conor guys, especially
He says that he's you from the future. Yeah, I am and that you
You
No, but he says that he's here because you don't exist anymore
And uh that you're dying on an atomic level
That's what he said
Sorry to put words in your mouth
And then you had you had some insight about that
I don't know if I should just keep giving the mic to everyone that just has a theory about the multiple conners
But I was just I was just saying like if it's a if it's sort of a pantheist kind of spiritualist thing
It could just be both interpretations of the same basic connor
And where are you from sir, uh, louisiana louisiana. Oh, yeah
I guarantee
You fucking yeah, exactly. That's a lateral point of view. Did you did you drive here from louisiana?
Okay
It's uh
It was it was a bit of a drive, but I kind of broke it off through dallas
I drove up to dallas and then drove from dallas to here and
Isn't that out of the way?
It's it's a bit out of the way, but there's a place to sleep
You drove from louisiana past oklahoma to texas and then came back here
No, am I am I bad at jay? All right. I've lost I've lost control of the show
That's not your fault. It's it's me. I'm a bad entertainer. All right. I don't what do we do?
How long have we been doing a show how much show have we done? We probably have like eight minutes left
Oh, yeah, we do or 14
But probably probably nine
Let's go let's go with 14 at least I say dan
Are there two handhelds that you could take in the crowd? What do you mean? Like uh, are there two wireless?
Oh, yeah, because the people I'm talking to they don't have a mic and then it's just me walking around going
Who are you and then they and then you hear a mumble and then I'm like, oh, that sounds crazy
No, I mean there's not there's only one wireless
So maybe like maybe you do a roving rap through the crowd like you I'll just be better at a transience
Itinerance errant night. Wait. Sorry. What's your suggestion? He wants you to rap
Oh a roving rap. Yes, maybe maybe you do like a groovy rap through the crowd or something
Right, right, but not quite yet. Like make some friends
Rapping about mamas is a crutch says this guy
But wait is rapping a crutch or just about the mamas?
Mike Eagle
Mentioned a crutch for freestyling. You can't fall back on your mamas. You're right. No, you're right
But I mean I'm traveling. I thought I could go back on the crutches if I'm going out of town
Thank you for reminding me. Do you should watch a show called max headroom that was produced in the 80s
You look like the kid that created max headroom
His name is brice lynch the character's name is brice lynch. He looks exactly like him
Rap about you about crutches. Okay. Are you setting me up because like your mom uses crutches and you you want to punch me and say, okay
Well, yeah, what if I rapped about crutches then I wouldn't need to use
The mama crutch. Okay, Dan. Do you think we've traveled all the way here to uh, the oklahoma arkansas border
That you could do a rap that was mama free like completely
Like that you could get out of your safety zone and not fuck any mamas
Just let me try
Yo, yo, yo, yo
Yo, yo, yo, yo, no mama rap a free rap free of mamas
I'm not gonna rap about today or tomorrow raps. There's gonna be no mama talk
This is a rap that's free of all that. I am named Dan Harmon
I got up this morning and I was disarming. I went to breakfast and had a bowl of cereal
I didn't fuck your mama for real
I didn't use a spoon
And real soon i'm gonna keep rapping and i'm not gonna have rapped about your mama at all
You said mama like 11 times. My name is john johnson
I didn't fuck your mama though
Just give me a second. Okay, Dan. You gotta give me a say if you're gonna make me do shit
You said mama 13 times and you fucked you did or did not fuck a couple mamas in that
You guys didn't order any drinks or
I don't mean to throw you under the bus
Lashing out at string. I want to know if you can rap without saying the word mama. What's your name?
Marshall you
All right
Yo, you can fuck marshall and amber, but not a mama
Yo, yo
yo
Marshall fucked amber
all the time
What's your name brian brian doesn't feel very good about that because
He's sitting close to amber and I should have observed that
You don't just go around the table
there's a
Six inch distance that it clearly indicates that he's either your friend from work or marshall's friend
from high school and uh
That was bad form on my part
I mean, let's just leave table 30. Yeah. Yeah. You're you're you're warming up. You're warming up here. Yeah
Yeah, table 32
All right, how are you guys? What are you guys and you guys are in love?
All right, I don't want to I don't want to interrupt your your night. How are you guys? What's your name? I'm brandt brandt
katie katie
How do you know when you're done?
Okay
Yo yo yo
Yo
Brant
I know what I'm done. What I fucked your mommy
Sorry, I said I wouldn't we had one rule. We had one rule. I said I wouldn't do that. You instantly fucked a mommy
Say mommy doesn't make us not think it's a mama
I forgot everyone else's name and I spelled his and
Get their names again. Let's try again. Get their names. We have branch and who else?
Oh, you want to go to the next level? What's your name?
Lacey Lacey as uh, she runs the the whole joint
Oh lacey
She's the reason we're here. She brought us here. She's the biggest biggest Harmontown fan in the world you you tell us
Like what like I don't care like you guys can leave if we do a three-hour show
But if I have to in order to make sure that your reputation is secure
What do I have to do to make this a good Harmontown show?
That's a lot of pressure. Well, what haven't I done?
Dance like a leprecha
All right, I'm putting you on the spot. I thought I think give the people what they want take your shirt off and do baby
Kiki dance. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Oh, yeah
Well, I only had to hear it once
Yeah, I'm gonna say give them what they want give them what they don't want
Yo, when your shirt comes off and you show your gut
You're gonna do a show so what you go to oklahoma and give them the news
I didn't fuck your mama because she's not abused by me
I yeah, I'm sorry for that language
But okay. All right. Sorry. All right. Well, hey, maybe you don't want me to take my shirt off if I'm so
I mean Dan sounded like you didn't like my rap. I don't know why you'd want to see my naked body
Right, I mean
Let's give you the freedom to fuck as many mamas as you want, but you don't have to don't don't make the mama thing a crutch
All right. Okay. I should I should just robe on stage, right? I think so. Okay. I mean see him everybody saw see him, right?
We've already broken several Cherokee nation laws right now. So let's
Let's continue the
All right, I don't think
Okay, yeah, yo, yo, okay. Yeah. Also, you're allowed to leave right now before this happens
When you go downtown and you eat some soup
You're gonna eat it and tell you poop. It's gonna be liquid because it wasn't solid
I fucked your mama because my name is dj collet
A celebrity rapper. I just rapped about what I do in the crapper. I watched uh, uh, uh trapper
md. Oh
Oh
The Midwest is the place to be you go down to the panhandle and you take a pee
I'm down to Texas and it funnels down to Mexico. That's where you don't want to go
You gotta build a wall. I voted for it. I fucked your mama so hard. I exploded her tip. I'm sorry
I said I fucked your mom, but I also had a pretty good rhyme there
Because I rhymed exploded and voted which was unintentional
Ah, man, just just don't
This segment is brought to you by me and these apparently
Hey dittle dittle your mom is in the middle. I rap so good
I played the fiddle. I don't want to fuck your mom so hard to go home. Fuck your mom is where the buffalo roam
It's in the other place where the Cherokee nation is going to go
across the same steps in this thing. It's a fine. Okay. All right. Come on. Just give me a second
Fuck. All right
All right, all right, just like it's $15. What do you get?
They get $69 after the show. I gotta combine
Taking up how much I got enough time to be naked and go out into the audience, right?
Oh, yeah, you
It's the worst show in the world
Oh, thank you. Is it Lacey? Is that illegal? Okay, that's fine. It's fine. If you give me, okay
He's a millionaire
Yo, he's got five shows up here. Yo, he wants to destroy himself
Yo
Yo rap is an art and art is rap. I fucked your mom until she couldn't crap
I stopped her up with my dick
Yo, I made your mama sick by having sex with her. It's a crutch. I'm sorry
I can't not rap about fucking your mama
It's hard. I I'm really self-conscious because I think I might have a skid mark in my underwear
It's a really good chance of that now. You're subconscious thought about that dancing in a room for those strangers
Yeah, yeah, that was the last thing I thought
He's a guy that wants to fail
I just want to give you your show's work. I just want to give you
Thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody
That's been our show. Thank you. Luana. No, don't end it. Don't end the show
Can't end the show. Thank you Tim the poet
Luke
The rapper who fell on his face lacey for making it all happen Spencer Crittenden and everybody
I'm jeff davis your mayor den Harmon will probably keep rapping for the next 45 minutes
So you're allowed to leave
Den Harmon everybody
Just tell him you love him just say that you love him and he'll put his clothes back on
He hates himself so much that he takes his underwear
It makes it a thing
He's doing a baby dance
Just everybody come up and hug him at once everybody clothes around him and hug him. That's scary
I know these these eight people like withheld the standing out. He found yeah because they're closest to you
They're my they're my heroes
Dan found the four people that didn't stand up
The show is over. You gave that guy his $20 back or
Oh mark, thank you for your dice you mark you got your you got your dice back
Rap
Good night everybody. Thank you so much. All right. Uh, thank you. They're half music
There'll be a there'll be a line somewhere where you could we could talk you can tell me I did a good job
Yeah, let's let's all meet out in the casino. We'll all have a drink and we'll hang out afterwards
I'll let you get a photo if you ask real nice
You've earned it. Thank you for coming to the Cherokee casino. Hey, Dan can I ask you a personal question? Yes
Have you been working out?
I I know more about your balls now than I ever
ever
The can we do a free spot for me on these?
I
Go to me on these have a pouch for your cock
promo code Harmon me on these rock
They do the pouch makes them look like they're a thing but yeah, you're your your balls just nestled like a little canary in there
Okay, let's go to the bar and drink shall we I'll see you guys
I'll see you guys. We'll take pictures and
And thank you so much everybody. You guys are amazing. Thank you for for bringing us here
Thank you a big round of applause for the Lacey for making this all happen. Did you get any of that?
Yeah, it's a good show
Oh